hi guys so um there's a lot of you know
do keep him forever came out quite a bit
ago I think almost like a two weeks ago
or maybe like we could go but anyway
really cool gay but I couldn't really
play it because i have a mac but then i
remembered that on live actually offers
it so i figured i'll make this video for
you guys to see how well it works in on
live whether it's worth getting it or
not you can decide but i think it works
really really well especially if you
have a somewhat outdated computer or
maybe if you have a mac or if you don't
want to buy really nice graphics card
for your computer or something like that
you know have it rendered somewhere else
it's pretty cool sweet for too long on
the graphics look really nice and it's
really responsive and I mean need a
really nice internet connection um good
Wi-Fi signal but other than that it
works really well and I have nothing
really to complain about so it's
connected to on live it takes a second
and after that we will start oh you have
been disconnected from game service why
have I been disconnected or understand
try again sorry mmm little glitches like
that do happen once in a while but maybe
it's only of the mac version or whatever
I don't know and if you see any kind of
lag just a little bit it's most likely
because i'm using screen recording
program i'm using I'm quick time for
that so Signori I'll let you know if
it's actually lagging um go to my games
actually has the only gun I own right
now so I've already played nine hours of
this game so it's pretty fun game yeah
let's just enter it and this is just a
little loading it's in my computer
heating up it'll be your different you
know
events going alright 12 years in the
making so yeah a lot of people say
they're disappointed with this game but
I think it's just because it's so hard
to the live to the expectations up from
the first one because the first one was
so revolutionary the day that today is
just really hard to make a game it says
revolutionary is cool but this game is
really really good so let's just
continue my campaign I'm a level geez I
think I'm on a good level 13 or
something I'm hi hi we battle and I'm
just lovely to get to ride around in a
truck like the big ass truck monster
throw so takes it takes a little while
to load and if you guys have this sony
computer install regularly can you just
let me know if it's on onlive that it
takes so long to load or is it just the
regular that's just a game that does
that regularly because i'm not sure that
knowing thing isn't it whenever you die
you don't just like go back to your
checkpoint you actually have to reload
the whole lab level which is really
annoying because it makes dying so much
more disappointing you know but you know
whatever there you go see what it looks
like there we are
you see it looks really nice I mean it's
not the highest resolution it's not my
native resolution is a 1650 war yeah
1650 by 10 15 year thing what sound like
that but I don't we think but really
it's it looks really really well really
nice hey yo guys yeah it's run harder
next time asshole the bed this laser
guns pretty nice i never use it much but
actually works really well we're gonna
be good see where are you Ethel I'm here
it says all right more of you guys left
all right you see what you're really
well I mean it's perfect it's extremely
responsive it costs 49 bucks and you get
to own it for minimum three years but
they just say that as a guarantee a call
to got him up and ask them up I'm you
guys do that every said one just because
sometimes games are really get played
much and we want to be able to remove it
from the server because not work if you
keep it up there for only a couple
places for users but three years is more
than enough anika plays a game for
longer than three years unless it's like
super mario brothers to sum up with that
um come on you're gonna kill here you
can see this is beyond playable I mean
same playable makes it seem like it just
barely right this is really really
really good and it looks great it looks
at least like ps3 graphics with the
resolution and everything it's just
right and yeah it's always available
there is no need to download it as soon
as you pay for you got it you know no
installation anything soon with that you
know gaming in the man I was kind of
skeptical of is the first book
a man's gonna close unfit for 20 die die
well it's exit to this guide yeah
whatever um yeah so this is just a quick
look at this and I might end this video
very shortly because I'm really getting
into this level one of those right now i
think is I'm trying to find gasoline II
put in my truck what's going on where is
this bad wausau vector well know how you
get out of here there we go come on
Ceres the door bastard there you go and
I feel my trucks I can keep going over
these Rams and Hills I just get this nap
while he's asking for it he's clearly
asking for it you're you're done buddy
you just done shut him in the balls of
that taking the ball yeah I can drink a
beer drink a beer you drink a beer
forget six yeah let's feast on this
system and makes you stronger no it
makes it tougher very drunk can't really
run at all but yeah kind of hard to see
but you think was damaged so stop going
out of there yeah there you go there's a
quick look at this and it's really cool
because sometimes you get spectators
which are people that can watch it says
it's a video stream really not really
rendered a new computer people can come
watch it and they can give you a thumbs
up or thumbs down and some people if you
allow it in your settings and actually
common commented on it literally no
voice or the microphone so it's pretty
fun unless you get some juice bags or
just like ragging on you for the heck of
it otherwise really cool and this is
really intended for sniper this level is
it all right well that's about it so
let's just stop this you go back you can
press command up just to go in another
full screen on the mac works really well
you can actually you know it's to prove
you it's a video you know streaming we
can just resize and it doesn't change
the resolution or anything it's really
nice ones like
then it's a really high resolution it
seems to be but anyway that's about it
hope you guys like it and it highly
recommended of this platform of service
or whatever you want to call it works
really really well no problems at all so
far well then I was I've been playing
all right thanks for watching guys and
see you later